Update readmes to match common design (Map category) 4/4 (#468)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: map/mobile-map-search-and-route/README.md

# Mobile map (search and route)

> Display maps and use locators to enable search and routing offline using a Mobile Map Package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display maps and use locators to enable search and routing offline using a mobile map package.
```

> ![Image of mobile map search and route](MobileMapSearchAndRoute.png)

Reviewer 2: Describe what is depicted in the image or leave blank

## Use case

Mobile map packages make it easy to transmit and store the necessary components for an offline map experience including: transportation networks (for routing/navigation), locators (address search, forward and reverse geocoding), and maps. 

> A field worker might download a mobile map package to support their operations while working offline.

Reviewer 2: A routing-related use case would be good, e.g. remote oil field roads.

## How to use the sample

> Click the "Open mobile map package" button to bring up a file choosing dialog. Browse to and select a .mmpk file. When chosen, the maps inside the mobile map package will be displayed in a list view.
>  Click on a map in the list to open it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the "Open mobile map package" button to bring up a file choosing dialog. Browse to and select a .mmpk file. When chosen, the maps inside the mobile map package will be displayed in a list view. Click on a map in the list to open it. 
```

If the mobile map package has a locator task, the list items will have a pin icon. Click on the map to reverse geocode the clicked locations's address if a locator task is available. 

> If the map contains transportation networks, it will have a navigation icon. Click on a map list item to open it. If transportation networks are available, a route will be calculated between geocode locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the map contains transportation networks, it will have a navigation icon. Click on the map to add locations. If transportation networks are available, a route will be calculated between  locations.
```

## How it works

> 1. Create a `MobileMapPackage` using `MobileMapPackage.OpenAsync(path)`.

Reviewer: not Java syntax, let's revert to the original:
```suggestion
1. Create a `MobileMapPackage`  passing in the path to the local mmpk file.
```

> 2. Get a list of maps inside the package using the `Maps` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Get a list of maps inside the package with `mobileMapPackage.getMaps()`.
```

> 3. If the package has a locator, access it using the `LocatorTask` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If the package has a locator, access it with `mobileMapPackage.getLocatorTask()`.
```

> 4. To see if a map contains transportation networks, check each map's `TransportationNetworks` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To see if a map contains transportation networks, call `map.getTransportationNetworks()`. Each `TransportationNetworkDataset` can be used to construct a `RouteTask`.
```

![](MobileMapSearchAndRoute.png)

## Use case

Mobile map packages make it easy to transmit and store the necessary components for an offline map experience including: transportation networks (for routing/navigation), locators (address search, forward and reverse geocoding), and maps. 

A field worker might download a mobile map package to support their operations while working offline, for example to navigate remote oil field roads.

## How to use the sample

Click the "Open mobile map package" button to bring up a file choosing dialog. Browse to and select a .mmpk file. When chosen, the maps inside the mobile map package will be displayed in a list view. Click on a map in the list to open it. 

If the mobile map package has a locator task, the list items will have a pin icon. Click on the map to reverse geocode the clicked locations's address if a locator task is available. 

If the map contains transportation networks, it will have a navigation icon. Click on the map to add locations. If transportation networks are available, a route will be calculated between  locations.

## How it works

> 1. Create a `MobileMapPackage`  passing in the path to the local mmpk file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `MobileMapPackage` passing in the path to the local mmpk file.
```
